[Music]
alright let's count a one-mile run 100
pull-ups 200 push-ups 300 squats and a
one-mile run again that's what the Murph
workout consists of sound tough
absolutely but that's the reason why I
decided to do it for 30 days in a row
challenge accepted
first of all I'm sure you want to know
how I got this idea well one of my best
friends recently got into CrossFit he
told me a lot about it
and I finally realized what the
difference was between regular gym
exercises and a CrossFit workout a
CrossFit workout consists of much more
intense circuit training which focuses
on the whole body instead of just one
part if you've ever visited the gym
regularly then you know that some days
are leg days only
others are arm days and so on with
CrossFit you use almost every muscle you
have during each session before I start
telling you how I prepared for this
challenge and what my results were I
want to make it clear that I'm a pretty
fit person I go to the gym three times a
week and my workouts include both
weightlifting and cardio now if I were a
fitness noob I'd never even think about
going through this challenge why because
it can be dangerous for your health and
even having extensive gym experience I
still consulted my doctor to make sure
that my body could endure this ordeal
the Murph workout is no joke folks after
my doctor approved my idea he's my
friend to share some tips that would
help me along the way here's what he
told me don't workout on an empty
stomach your body needs fuel for a good
performance eat a carb heavy meal a few
hours before starting you can also grab
a protein bar 30 minutes before the
workout don't try to sprint the first
mile
it's your warmup so don't waste all your
energy on it break up the sets no matter
how fit you are tackling all 100
pull-ups at once will simply leave you
exhausted
don't forget about breaks have a 30
second rest between reps halfway through
the workout take three to four minutes
to wipe off the sweat and drink some
water
fast forwarding to the present moment I
have to say all those tips turned out to
be super helpful by the way I forgot to
mention that during a classic Murph
workout you should wear a 20-pound vest
but I'll be honest with you I thought it
would be too much for me luckily there's
an outdoor gym in my neighborhood with a
bar for pull-ups and a small park nearby
for running so I had everything I needed
to start the challenge I didn't do
anything special before the first day
except for drinking a bit more water
than usual to make sure my body was
hydrated and going to bed earlier day
one here we go being a pretty good shape
running the first mile was easy-peasy
after that I went through 20 sets that
consisted of 5 pull-ups 10 push-ups and
15 squats each somewhere along the way I
started thinking that maybe I should
have scaled the workout back to a
lighter version or half Murph however by
the time I completed it after the second
run I decided to stick to my initial
choice no turning back when I was done I
barely had energy left in me to take a
shower and get to work day 2 oh boy
where my muscles sore the next morning I
realized I forgot about one important
thing stretching as you probably know it
helps with post-workout soreness so
today I stretched out before running
even though every muscle in my body was
on fire and screamed for rest I still
felt motivated to keep going but after
the second run I had to lie on the bench
in the park for like 10 minutes straight
to steady my breath although later this
tiredness changed into a boost of energy
that made my day super productive day 7
I guess I could say that the first week
went smooth I mean of course I still
felt unbearably exhausted after each
session this workout is grueling so it
just won't be any other way
but I was happy that I wasn't tempted to
give up
I even got used to waking up 2 hours
earlier so that I had time to do the
Murph before work to be honest I had
some doubts before starting the
challenge and was sure I wouldn't last
longer than a couple of days
day twelve during the second week
something happened that ruined my
uplifting attitude everything was fine
that day after I finished my workout I
had a meeting at work and then went to
have lunch the food was tasty but later
in the evening
I started feeling dizzy and nauseous it
turned out I had food poisoning and the
only thing I could think of was I can't
skip my workout tomorrow I went to sleep
hoping I'd be able to continue the
challenge day 13 the next morning was
tough to say the least
I left my bed feeling extremely weak my
stomach was still gurgling but
thankfully the dizziness and nausea were
gone
should I keep pushing myself to the
limits or should I just quit and let my
body rest what would you do in my place
let me know in the comments well I chose
to move on no matter what and let me
tell you the workout on that day might
just be the hardest thing I've ever done
in my whole life
day 15 halfway through my ordeal I
noticed the first changes in my body you
see I work at the office and must wear
shirts and ties and when I put on my
favorite shirt after the workout I
realized it was too tight on me
apparently
the muscles on my back have been growing
I was glad about it but I had no idea
that I'd have to change my wardrobe so
soon day 21 the beginning of the third
week was the turning point in my
challenge I guess my body was just mad
at me because I put it through such
strenuous training without a single day
of rest and this in turn messed with my
mindset for the first time since
starting the challenge I didn't want to
get up and told myself it was ok to skip
just one time don't over come this speed
bump I remembered why I started in the
first place to test myself besides I
couldn't let all my efforts be for
nothing it took every ounce of willpower
to train on that day but I did it day 30
when I woke up I couldn't believe it was
the last day of the challenge in the
beginning the whole month seemed so dawn
but step by step day by day I finally
managed to achieve my goal
the last workout was the most satisfying
one I've ever had the pain and tiredness
didn't even bother me I guess I can
chalk this up as a victory well now it's
time to talk about my results first I
got way stronger a few days ago I helped
my friend move his flat was in a new
building and the elevator wasn't working
yet so we had to carry all his stuff
including furniture to the fourth floor
I can't say it was easy but I did feel
more powerful than before
also my body became more defined
especially the lats on my back I didn't
take measurements but I'm pretty sure my
back got wider
besides I gained around 4 pounds and
it's all pure muscle mass I think
drinking protein shakes before each
workout did its job in other words I've
never been in better shape but the most
important changes were in my mind I
can't remember the last time I was this
proud of myself I surprised myself with
my own dedication and persistence now I
know for sure that limits exist only in
our head if you put your mind to it you
can accomplish anything I'm so grateful
for this difficult but rewarding
experience then I decided to trade my
gym membership for the Murph workout
everyday does anyone want to join me
sound off in the comments
a if you learned something new today
then give the video a like and share it
with a friend
and here are some other cool videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or a right hand remember stay on
the bright side of life
[Music]